MARKET-1313 Carousel (#29)
Backendless/ui-builder-library: components/bl-carousel-component/README.md

# Carousel

Carousel is a component of Backendless UI-Builder designer. This allows you to add some image and switch between them

The component based on external [carousel](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.2/components/carousel/).
## Usage

### Styles and Settings

<dl>
<dt>Images Data</dt>

> <dd>Allows determinate data for carousel. This property must accept an array of objects in which URL is a mandatory field and title and content are optional or a JSON file.</dd>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<dd>Allows determinate data for carousel. This property must accept an array of objects with signature: `{url: <string>, title: <string>, content: <string> }`.</dd>
```

<dt>Height Image</dt>
<dd>Allows determinate height for images</dd>
<dt>Autoplay Delay (ms)</dt>
<dd>Allows determinate delay for autoplay. Default value '5000'.</dd>

> <dt>Type Animation</dt>

Reviewer: Animation Type

<dd>Allows select type of animation (slide, smooth). Default value 'slide'.</dd>
<dt>Animation Duration (ms)</dt>
<dd>Allows determinate duration for animation. Default value '600'.</dd>

> <dt>Control Buttons Visible</dt>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<dt>Control Buttons Visibility</dt>
```

> <dd>Allows determinate control buttons visible or not visible. Default value 'unchecked'.</dd>

Reviewer: Please, take a look to visibility description at any default component(e.g. Input/Block etc.)

> <dt>Indicators Visible</dt>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<dt>Indicators Visibility</dt>
```

<dl>
<dt>Images Data</dt>
<dd>Allows determinate data for carousel. This property must accept an array of objects in which URL is a mandatory field and title and content are optional or a JSON file.</dd>
<dt>Height Image</dt>
<dd>Allows determinate height for images</dd>
<dt>Has Autoplay</dt>
<dd>Allows determinate carousel autoplay or not autoplay. Default value 'unchecked'.</dd>
<dt>Autoplay Delay (ms)</dt>
<dd>Allows determinate delay for autoplay. Default value '5000'.</dd>
<dt>Type Animation</dt>
<dd>Allows select type of animation (slide, smooth). Default value 'slide'.</dd>
<dt>Animation Duration (ms)</dt>
<dd>Allows determinate duration for animation. Default value '600'.</dd>
<dt>Control Buttons Visible</dt>
<dd>Allows determinate control buttons visible or not visible. Default value 'unchecked'.</dd>
<dt>Indicators Visible</dt>
<dd>Allows determinate indicators visible or not visible. Default value 'unchecked'.</dd>
</dl>

### Event Handlers and Bindable Properties

<dl>
<dt>Image Data Logic</dt>
<dd>Allows to specify data for carousel in Backendless logic.</dd>
<dt>Height Image Logic</dt>
<dd>Allows to specify height for images in Backendless logic.</dd>

> <dt>Has Autoplay Logic</dt>

Reviewer: We rename it, isn't it?

<dd>Allows to specify carousel autoplay or not autoplay in Backendless logic.</dd>
<dt>Autoplay Delay Logic</dt>
<dd>Allows to specify delay for autoplay in Backendless logic.</dd>
<dt>Animation Duration Logic</dt>
<dd>Allows to specify duration for animation in Backendless logic.</dd>

> <dt>Control Buttons Visible Logic</dt>

Reviewer: There should be the same name as at `component.json`

Control Buttons Visible Logic -> Controls Visibility Logic

<dd>Allows to specify control buttons visible or not visible in Backendless logic.</dd>

> <dt>Indicators Visible Logic</dt>

Reviewer: Visible -> Visibility
